yes we already know the whole world the new
galaxy s 6 has been the great winner of
recently finished mobile world
congress your metallic design the screen
of the age model that revolutionizes
totally the way that so far
we had to see a terminal
everything in general seems to be a
smartphone destined to succeed but
many samsung users wonder
if it's really worth it or not change
Your recent Samsung Galaxy S 5 by the S6
we ask different
spokespersons of samsung and these we
they answered as follows
I would give the jump depends a little bit
many conditioning things francisco
a goal that we go to level
technological of course the jump I
I think it's very big is
practically abysmal and above all
taking into account the main ones
news the screen is that
It's practically double the resolution
the camera low very much the experience
multimedia about all the performance of the
own terminal logically a galaxy is
type very well with the 1.0 update
resources and others 3 clearly not
they set up a new experience
completely different but the same
other galaxy terminals of evolution
had been so significant here on
everything also the main good the
The main advantage is that when you have
a 15 in your hand and you take in that six and
average of first notes a solution
completely different from a terminal
a much more sensation
the materials and in addition to evans is
different that a consumer appreciates when
final may seem silly or not
depending because in the end it's one thing
that you are going to catch 50 times a day and that
you will be working
using then that is something with what good
Well, you know him 50 times a day
and you're looking at it all day looking at
classes in hand and a user at the end
if you are really looking for
benefits in this range of typical
what is it that I use most of age especially
the screen of what you see the most because
a good screen that in the end people
you just leave the camera in
house or the video camera example to
end we go with the mobile everywhere
from part of our life well a good
camera and above all so go fast
that had flowed well
processor that the battery last you
we also have a spectacular battery
really everything that is read is circulated
improvement
but above all when you have in the
hand
that's why I would renovate almost that
would renew the terminal but has already seen
what he has on what he has seen
what what gives us
because they must change a is that's a
other unique design are exceptional
the uses of materials and other
the fast loading options and in the
wireless card that until now
we had bot cars on the other hand the
camera a very powerful camera that is going
to allow taking some pictures
impressive and an accessories sentra
renovated
that will give us much more much more
game and then finally personal
seen that it is a machine all the
hardware will allow us with these
fast accesses